[BZ2038166] Add ShiftStack legacy certs script (#40785)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-osp-validating-certificates.adoc

// This is included in the following assemblies:
//
// TBD
[id="security-osp-validating-certificates_{context}"]
= Scanning {rh-openstack} endpoints for legacy HTTPS certificates

Beginning with {product-title} 4.10, HTTPS certificates that do not use `Subject Alternative Names` fields are rejected. If the cluster detect such legacy certificates, upgrades might be blocked. Run the following script to scan each HTTPS endpoint in an {rh-openstack} catalog for legacy certificates.

[IMPORTANT]
Your cluster does not check the underlying {rh-openstack-first} infrastructure for legacy certificates prior to upgrades or installation. 

.Prerequisites

* From the machine on which you run the script, have the following software:
** Bash version 4.0 or greater
** grep
** link:https://docs.openstack.org/python-openstackclient/latest/[openstack-cli]
** link:https://stedolan.github.io/jq/[jq]
** link:https://www.openssl.org/[openssl version 1.1.1l or greater]
* Populate the machine with {rh-openstack} credentials for the target cloud.

.Procedure

> . Save the following script to your machine: 

Author: ```suggestion
. Save the following script to your machine: 
+
```

// This is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_openstack/preparing-to-install-on-openstack.adoc
// TODO:
// * Add statement to all installation assembly prereqs
// * Create new OSP update assembly
[id="security-osp-validating-certificates_{context}"]
= Scanning {rh-openstack} endpoints for legacy HTTPS certificates

> Beginning with {product-title} 4.10, HTTPS certificates must contain subject alternative name (SAN) fields. Run the following script to scan each HTTPS endpoint in a {rh-openstack-first} catalog for legacy certificates that do not contain these fields.

Author: Works for me. Thanks!

```suggestion
Beginning with {product-title} 4.10, HTTPS certificates must contain subject alternative name (SAN) fields. Run the following script to scan each HTTPS endpoint in a {rh-openstack-first} catalog for legacy certificates that only contain the `CommonName` field.
```

// This is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_openstack/preparing-to-install-on-openstack.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="security-osp-validating-certificates_{context}"]
= Scanning {rh-openstack} endpoints for legacy HTTPS certificates

Beginning with {product-title} 4.10, HTTPS certificates must contain subject alternative name (SAN) fields. Run the following script to scan each HTTPS endpoint in a {rh-openstack-first} catalog for legacy certificates that only contain the `CommonName` field.

[IMPORTANT]

> {product-title} does not check the underlying {rh-openstack} infrastructure for legacy certificates prior to installation or updates. Use the provided script to check for these certificates yourself. Failing to update legacy certificates prior to installing or updating a cluster will result in cluster dysfunction.

Reviewer: Ooh "cluster dysfunction", I like that.

.Prerequisites

* On the machine where you run the script, have the following software:
** Bash version 4.0 or greater

> ** grep

Reviewer: Maybe markup `grep` tho I don't see it uniformly done in the repo so far. :shrug:

Author: ```suggestion
** `grep`
```

** link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/command_line_interface_reference/the_openstack_client[OpenStack client]

> ** link:https://stedolan.github.io/jq/[jq]

Reviewer: Same thought for `jq` re: markup.

Author: ```suggestion
** link:https://stedolan.github.io/jq/[`jq`]
```

** link:https://www.openssl.org/[OpenSSL version 1.1.1l or greater]
* Populate the machine with {rh-openstack} credentials for the target cloud.

.Procedure

. Save the following script to your machine: 
+

> [source,bash]

Reviewer: Maybe a `[%collapsible]` around this block?

// This is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_openstack/preparing-to-install-on-openstack.adoc

> // TODO:
> // * Add statement to all installation assembly prereqs
> // * Create new OSP update assembly

Author: ```suggestion

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
```
